maybe with that box a little bit this
way I don't it makes much difference but
okay hello everyone this is a very
special edition of our weekly meeting
with me today I have the entire deal
team so
hello and  to kick it off I'll hand it
hello and to kick it off I'll hand it
over to to Nicole hello everyone I'm so
excited to be here with the entire deil
team  we are in San Francisco having a
team we are in San Francisco having a
deil offsite and talking about all the
really cool fun stuff we have planned
for this year  and so we thought while
for this year and so we thought while
we're here all together we should  you
we're here all together we should you
know get together on this call and
say hi to everybody introduce ourselves
probably and talk about a couple of
things we really loved last year and
some of the things we're excited about
this year  so I'm really excited to
this year so I'm really excited to
here and I'm excited to have everybody
here with us
let me see I I guess I'll kick it off
so  hi everyone I am Nicole  I am
so hi everyone I am Nicole I am
the manager of the deal team  I've
the manager of the deal team I've
been here for almost two years at SCF
and I guess let me start with what I
loved about last year  and then I'm
loved about last year and then I'm
going to go around and let everybody
else introduce themselves but last year
two highlights for me were  protocol
two highlights for me were protocol
20 soron sorry nobody else can take that
and Meridian ha Meridian Meridian
were really really awesome it was really
cool and fun  to just be there and
cool and fun to just be there and
like see builders and see all the
amazing projects that came out over like
24 hours and it was really awesome so
I'm going to go this way to LA
hello everybody I'm Elliot I'm your
friend I'm so excited just to be aart
I've been around Stellar for like a long
long time and I still just feel so lucky
that I get to do this like for work and
it's amazing  one of the things that
it's amazing one of the things that
there's
what we are excited to do also not yet
not yet yeah
saying it's
frozen dead for me we're
Frozen oh yeah yeah the frame rate looks
kind of janky can you hear
us
weird okay they said we're back okay
yeah
yeah the all right nice are yes monitor
yeah yeah I'll just do this the whole
time
okay so they did see me waving all
right oh they want to zoom in I don't
know how to do that we can do
that control camera frame people we're
experimenting live
really really bad
hey you don't know how these cameras
work real tight on Ty yeah hey
everybody I'll move to like whoever's
talking if you just let it do this thing
all right let
me braing
people
okay Elliot are you done yeah I'm done
sorry okay go ahead
okay hi everybody my name is Bri wild
I'm a writer on the deil team I've been
around for three years  and I love it
around for three years and I love it
here very much  I know Nicole took the
here very much I know Nicole took the
Sor Bond
launching which is a very exciting thing
but so one thing that we did last year
that was  it's not very glamorous or
that was it's not very glamorous or
fun but we Elliot and I worked a lot
on bringing the soron documentation to
the Stellar documentation site  so
the Stellar documentation site so
lots of docs work  and then  making
lots of docs work and then making
sure everything is yeah updated in the
documentation or yeah soron being on
stellar and something that I really
really enjoyed is kale so if you all are
not farming kale you should be  and
not farming kale you should be and
yeah that's probably like one of the
most fun things that we've done she's
just saying after she's on my lead board
I Am Number 10 10 on the leaderboard so
she do
address so that's that's it for me
so hey everyone I am Chris natalo
last year I escaped the ethereum evm
ecosystem and joined Stellar in
July and yeah definitely not looking
back  I am biased but the community
back I am biased but the community
here is like way more authentic way more
legit  if if you go to like most
legit if if you go to like most
Solana or ethereum discords people are
asking when Moon people are asking when
air drop you know  but in the Stellar
air drop you know but in the Stellar
ecosystem people are like really helping
each other people are building real
things people are just really excited
about like actually authentically you
know building on the ecosystem so that
that's a really awesome change for me
I guess like last year  I think one of
I guess like last year I think one of
the things was like putting Stellar back
like on the map you know  we had big
like on the map you know we had big
presents at a lot of major events like
Decon  and people are talking about
Decon and people are talking about
stellar and yeah we were getting a lot
of exposure on on the like in media in
the in the crypto Twitter sphere  yeah
the in the crypto Twitter sphere yeah
just see lots of lots of great activity
around Stellar  you
around Stellar you
know with  we we actually just fixed
know with we we actually just fixed
fa  it is working again  we're
fa it is working again we're
actually at the dev offsite right now
talking about
when she
C 2.0  we will let you know
C 2.0 we will let you know
soon but yeah yeah just thank you all
for being a part of the community and
yeah yeah yeah my name is carsten I'm a
developer advocate in the dev team and
I joined in July last year and I
would say the the one reason I joined
was San but at least that was why I got
super interested in in Stellar I think
adding smart contracts just made a huge
difference for me it it was all of a
sudden a really interesting chain you
could build whatever you wanted  the
could build whatever you wanted the
sky was a limit so I thought that was a
really that was a really interesting
time to to join  I love to see what
time to to join I love to see what
developers are building I love to help
them in any way I can  Meridian was a
them in any way I can Meridian was a
is was super exciting last year getting
to meet a lot of the developers  yeah
to meet a lot of the developers yeah
lots of interesting talks  it was
lots of interesting talks it was
super great experience to to network
with a lot of the builders on on and
San  yeah
San yeah
Tyler  hello everyone  I'm Tyler I'm
Tyler hello everyone I'm Tyler I'm
also a developer advocate here I've been
here for five
years  last year a highlight for me
years last year a highlight for me
was kind of well we we knew pretty early
on that we wanted to add the SE p256 R1
signing curve which doesn't mean
anything to really anybody unless you
maybe a little bit more Technical and
understand like that's that's what the
the signing curve that's used in for p
keys but taking that like journey of
super technical all the way through to
now you can sign transactions with your
face or your fingerprint and having to
build all the technology to
facilitate that happening that was a
huge highlight for me  I've also I
huge highlight for me I've also I
have a long history on trying to give
people xlm and it's very hard to do
without having to go through a whole
long process of kyc and collecting tax
stocks and like I just want to give away
xlm and let people play games  and
xlm and let people play games and
launch tube was a a huge I mean it kind
of killed two birds when we don't kill
birds it what did we say fed two birds
with one seed
where where we can with a launch tube
token I can give away a launch tube
token without having to do any YC let me
do any tax do collection and allows
developers to submit transactions on
Main net  using the the xlm that's
Main net using the the xlm that's
held within that launch tube token
because they can't go and farm those xlm
out of that launch tube token and take
it and do nefarious things which is why
we have to do kyc and collect tax stocks
and that that is awesome but then
also there's the problem of when you
actually want to do something on mainnet
yeah you got to like source xlm to pay
those fees  and it's like students on
those fees and it's like students on
sell is really cheap but you still need
to have that xlm so it doesn't really
matter how cheap it is if you have to
like create a coinbase account or a
binance account and figure out a way to
like connect your bank and then you got
to wait and that Journey from I want to
go to mainnet to actually being able to
do that is pretty tricky  until you
do that is pretty tricky until you
introduce something like launch which
basically lets you get transactions on
chain for free and it handles all of the
coordination of paying the feed
simulating the transaction super super
neat Service  was was really excited
neat Service was was really excited
to get that online last year and it's
kind of been something that I've been
trying to press and work towards for for
a long time so those are definitely two
two big highlights  for me from from
two big highlights for me from from
last year
awesome all right what about this year
I get to go first which means I get
to take the best ones  but no I I so
to take the best ones but no I I so
this year we have a ton of you know I
plans and ideas and we're g to share
them as like they develop but I think
like for me as we're at this offsite as
we're thinking as we're  making some
we're thinking as we're making some
of those plans I'm really really excited
that like this is the first year
obviously that we're starting off with
smart contracts on Stellar like
obviously we had all of last year but
like we can hit the ground running this
year with smart contracts and there's a
lot of really really fun stuff I think
we can do and that we want to do and
that we're planning to do  and
that we're planning to do and
I think I am GNA share my screen
because that we're looking for that
we're
check can you hear
us audio back my check all right so it's
all
right I stop talking confirmed can you
hear
me all right let's just keep it here
we'll share that link got it yeah yeah
okay so yes his audio goes with me
screen share okay big takeaway more
monthly active devs coming in sticking
around  that is one of our big numbers
around that is one of our big numbers
number go up and I think it's really
exciting so number one Tyler number
two yeah the the other
number that we're trying to
press up to the roof is daily contract
invocations  I think I can share a
invocations I think I can share a
link since I'm not going to be able to
maybe screen
share yeah can we can't do waiting  is
share yeah can we can't do waiting is
that one right there so there's a dune
analytics this is the number this is the
graph that I'm most interested  this
graph that I'm most interested this
next year is pushing his daily contract
invocations off  I want to see
invocations off I want to see
sorbon be very active  there's a lot
sorbon be very active there's a lot
of different ways to do that there's a
lot of reasons that you may want that to
happen  but the technolog is awesome
happen but the technolog is awesome
and if you're looking at that graph you
can kind of see that it hasn't been used
a whole lot I mean we we're hitting an
average maybe before  November of
average maybe before November of
about 2,000 or so invocations per day
which isn't terrible but it's certainly
there's a lot of room to grow there
and then you can see this massive Spike
that happens in  November December so
that happens in November December so
that triggers off when  Enrique
that triggers off when Enrique
launched his
fcm  proof of work contract that I
fcm proof of work contract that I
think was one of the first like fun
things goofy things to do on sorbon that
to me really pointed to this  punch of
to me really pointed to this punch of
if you if you introduce some fun things
to do on so not just the serious grownup
blockchain things but just fun things to
do goofy things things with stories and
lore and what not that you can actually
get a lot of activity  and so I also
get a lot of activity and so I also
built a improve of work asset that
addressed some of fcms just had a
different philosophy of how to  grow
different philosophy of how to grow
and introduce people to the platform and
that's where these numbers really start
to to take off  where you have a minor
to to take off where you have a minor
that you could use the CLI for that's
kind of that first time
and then I introduce the website for
farming kale and it just kind of goes
through the roof  you can see it's
through the roof you can see it's
starting to taper off now these these
fun activations often have a pretty
short life cycle where they Spike up
people have fun and then they're ready
for the next thing  I've likened it to
for the next thing I've likened it to
kind of like going on vacation or
going to a water park like you're not
going to stay there for the rest of your
life you're going to go there you're
gonna have fun and then you're gonna be
done and you're going to go home and
then you'll do something fun another day
that's sort of kind of things that I
like to work on are flashes in the pan
lightning in a bottle  you work on
lightning in a bottle you work on
something that's fun see what works what
doesn't then you iterate work on
something else so I definitely am
working on my next big idea  to try
working on my next big idea to try
and keep pushing these numbers up and I
kind of my challenge to the developer
ecosystem is to also think of fun things
to do on chain and make 2025 a year
where we're really trying to push up
these daily contract invocations which
make the chain look very active and
engaged so when you combine those two
things of monthly active devs and daily
contract invocations  those are really
contract invocations those are really
good numbers those are numbers that will
attract more and more attention
attention activity beets more attention
and activity so combining those two
things together I think will help us win
over other change that maybe when you
start to dig into the ecosystem a little
bit more and you do want to begin to do
more serious things  it's quite hard
more serious things it's quite hard
to do because the those relationships
haven't been built with traditional web
to technology or traditional Finance
we've solved that problem but we need to
solve the attraction developer attention
and
just getting developers to build
stuff on chain so there's lots of great
things you can do and now we just need
to bring the attentional build the water
part as it were  one little fun side
part as it were one little fun side
I can't share my screen so I can't
share that one but I think it is really
fascinating on this particular graph it
says that 1.5 almost 1.5 total smart
contract invocations 43% of those came
from launch tube so almost half of all
of our smart contract invocations went
through launch tube which to me again is
pointing to this idea that when you make
it really easy for people to submit
transactions on chain without having to
fiddle with xlm that combined with the
smart wallets where you don't have to
download anything you know there 24w
passphrase and all this sense and you
can just click a button and you're on
you get a lot of traction you get a lot
of users like kale has only been around
for a while it's also like what are we
supposed to do with this game like it
doesn't really make a whole lot of sense
but people love to play it  make
but people love to play it make
something that's maybe you know a little
bit more interesting this number will
just continue to to go up and up and up
because we have these tools like the
pass key kit smart wallets and launch
tube  we're getting on chain and doing
tube we're getting on chain and doing
something on chain is very easy for
users
so now that we have those tools in
place it's time to build so we just need
to build build fun
things sweet awesome so monthly active
devs
invitations  per day those are our two
invitations per day those are our two
main goals  as a team again I'm really
main goals as a team again I'm really
excited about the fact that we can hit
the ground running in this like new
exciting way and that we've got all
these resources  these you know tools
these resources these you know tools
that Tyler's built that can like
extrapolate out from build upon  as a
extrapolate out from build upon as a
team and as an ecos in general what is
everybody else excited about so a lot of
developers tend to have brilliant and
creative ideas and my strategy is to
wait for them to do that and then snatch
it so Tyler has done a lot of really
cool stuff or a lot of really amazing
tools and projects and  just really
tools and projects and just really
creative and Innovative things and my
plan very soon is to try and break some
of those things I'm going to build some
projects on not not like on his I'm
gonna break my own duplicate or modify
or build on top of the things that he's
building like a a taale marketplace
where you can exchange different
produces maybe depending on  how much
produces maybe depending on how much
you're willing to stake  different
you're willing to stake different
invokers contracts for that kind of
stuff and just generally having fun
messing around with the things that he
built and trying to show other people
how they can do it
too sweet
awesome I can go next oh Carson go ahead
guys I'm actually going to talk a little
bit to what Elliot said and what Tyler
said because I think for for Elliott to
become successful in Building Things
based on launch tube  keys and and all
based on launch tube keys and and all
these things just like any other
developer I'm sure he would appreciate a
lot of good documentation showing how to
use all these great tools and and that's
something that I'm excited about taking
some of the really cool ideas and cool
projects Pass key is a game changer in
my in my opinion but we need to make it
accessible we we need to make it easy
for developers to adopt that also OT so
it's easier for him to do all his fun
projects
you can just go and read the
documentation so so that's that's
actually something I'm really excited
about getting these Technologies more
accessible for developers make it easier
make their adoption time faster they
they they we need to get these brilliant
ideas out there and have them used by by
developers  they should not just end
developers they should not just end
up in a repo  somewhere they need to
up in a repo somewhere they need to
get out and get get to work so that's
what I'm excited about that I can take
some of the ideas that Tyler  has and
some of the ideas that Tyler has and
some of the projects he's built and
document that and show develop us how
they can do something similar and
hopefully that'll Inspire them to build
something different  but maybe based
something different but maybe based
on on on some of these ideas so so yeah
I I I just felt it was kind of a little
bit natural to jump in here
perfect cool yeah so I'll good next
yeah so yeah I feel like the outfit in
the room for all of web 3 has always
been self- cust is a non-starter for
most users it's too complex you know
honestly passwords aren't secure you
know the number one password is one two
three four five six seven you know so
pass keys are a game changer you know
and all the major companies are are
using it are implementing pass Keys you
know  GitHub Google you know so once
know GitHub Google you know so once
you lower this  this onboarding
you lower this this onboarding
friction people are going to start
coming into it you know and if and once
you lower the development  friction
you lower the development friction
people are going to start building you
know so with pass Keys kit with launch
tube with all these amazing tools that
are facilitating and enabling developers
to build it's it's going to unleash the
floodgates and what's going to come
through those floodgates  I think it's
through those floodgates I think it's
gonna be a lot of D5 protocols you know
like some people say TBL is is kind
of a vity metric but honestly I think in
web 3 defi is going to enable whole new
business models right  we for for
business models right we for for
instance in web 2 the only two ways you
monetize are ads and cers so like once
you have defi  as a foundation you
you have defi as a foundation you
enable all of these new amazing use
cases on Stellar  and that's that's
cases on Stellar and that's that's
really what it's all about you know is
just like unleashing the creativity of
the developer work for us  and just
the developer work for us and just
seeing what what you guys build you know
I'm just like super excited to see like
what do things new models new paradigms
people build built on D5 built on chain
just totally changing the game you
know  because Stellar Stellar has has
know because Stellar Stellar has has
you know a lot going for it it's super
fast it's super cheap and it's where
blockchain it's the real world our audit
offer ecosystem is you know way better
than any other G so like yeah I'm just
super excited to see what people build
I can't wait once we put these tools
in your hands and you guys build some
magicw
excitement excited for
Bri  a lot of things I guess I'm
Bri a lot of things I guess I'm
really excited to bring
yeah just like I'm a writer so bringing
awareness to all the really cool things
that all these amazing people are
building in this room and also the
ecosystem as well  I did write a piece
ecosystem as well I did write a piece
on blend recently that was really fun
so talking about yeah talking about
projects and how projects are working
together and putting together blog
pieces  to kind of bring awareness to
pieces to kind of bring awareness to
the really cool things that are being
done is what I'm really excited about
and hopefully continuing to kale lure
because I'm obsessed kale and I just
write more
more  so
yeah Tyler I think you already said what
you were excited about
right  yeah I mean I'm excited to see
right yeah I mean I'm excited to see
the  daily invocations go up I really
the daily invocations go up I really
want to see I want to see a a pass
key a smart wallet get like an actual
interface get audited like we're using
them on Main net and we're holding pale
in them
but I want to see one of these
actually get audited and  get much
actually get audited and get much
wider  use  I want to see a lot of
wider use I want to see a lot of
fun things to do on chain that are
orbiting around these pasy wallets where
there's an ecosystem that kind of grows
up that knows has buil some standards
around how
to interoperate between websites like
pesis are not terribly intuitive to
figure out how to share them so we'll
need some coordination and standards but
I think you know 2025 is the year the G
address dies and and the C address reign
supreme  it's not everyone agrees with
supreme it's not everyone agrees with
me but they're wrong because address is
going to take over the world  and I'm
going to take over the world and I'm
I'm here for it all right well that's
prediction
so  all right another thing we thought
so all right another thing we thought
we might do just as a team in the same
room is you know we are very very close
I think we're like a month and a couple
days  from the anniversary of svon a
days from the anniversary of svon a
net and so we thought we would you know
either share a favorite story from the
last year  cool development  you
last year cool development you
know projects that were awesome that we
saw come into the ecosystem
who would like to start I won't take
the first one so I you know whoever
submitted that first transaction on
inter they that was so fun and smart of
them to do that I wonder who that was I
just thought they that was amazing I
mean within literal seconds that it
closed it's like they really worked hard
to prepare for that
moment  for that to happen and had
moment for that to happen and had
waited for for many many years for smart
contract so I don't know you know who
that was but tudos to them for working
and doing that and putting a little poem
on chain is the first
transaction you know it's funny because
Tyler really likes to be
first really really liked
it sometimes he's not first though and
it's really fun that is like the most
fun when he comes in second you
know please yes what will we share oh
favorite Memories the the other thing
that I think was really cool was blend
launching because I've followed their
story so closely since way back when we
were doing turrets  and we were using
were doing turrets and we were using
JavaScript VMS as like an L2 to try and
figure out a way to do smart things on
stellar and so following their Journey
from really when I first joined as a
contractor at SDF way way back  when
contractor at SDF way way back when
they had found stellar and were trying
to figure out how to do some of their
advanced stuff they were still like in
college and  super smart but trying to
college and super smart but trying to
like figure out to do what they wanted
to do on stellar and then working
through with the the turret smart
contract protocol and then actually
building a smart contract protocol and
convincing  the network that we needed
convincing the network that we needed
it and that we should build it and then
working through to actually see that go
onto Main net and then seeing blend
launch on mainnet and people actually
using it and now there's tvl there that
that narrative kind of seeing that come
all the way full circle and go live
after just years and years and years of
watching that team and working with that
team that was was a really cool moment
for
me
awesome everyone
else stories
favorites from last
year one year of Sor
bom I think I can something that that I
think is has been a really good
experience is that we we have worked
with an incubator  in collaboration
with an incubator in collaboration
with cell Community Fund and and Ru and
a couple of us have been a mentor  for
a couple of us have been a mentor for
some of these teams and see them come in
some of them not having any experience
writing smart contracts they had an idea
they had something that they thought
they could build  and in a matter of
they could build and in a matter of
in some cases days but in a couple of
weeks some of them have the first smart
contracts up and running  they they
contracts up and running they they
building they they're really
enthusiastic and I think when you
consider that that soran is not even one
year old that we had the tooling we had
the documentation we had sample code I
think that that's we can't give the the
team that worked on San enough credit
for that I think a lot of in a lot of
other cases  it takes years to build
other cases it takes years to build
out documentation sample code have a
support system and and being able to
really do something substantial and I
think I think U I came in later I can't
take any credit for that but  I I just
take any credit for that but I I just
think it's amazing to see developers get
up and running writing smart contracts
deploying deploying their contracts
to to to test net and to main that
within few days after the first time
they ever  get to know about soran so
they ever get to know about soran so
so I think  I think that's I think
so I think I think that's I think
that's a that's a really cool thing and
I think  I have a lot of appreciation
I think I have a lot of appreciation
for all the work that went into that up
to the the launch of
soran yeah that's
awesome yeah I think a big narrative for
last year was the onchain effect  so
last year was the onchain effect so
having narratives if you're familiar
with the story basically there there's
an entrepreneur who was in San Francisco
Columbia that was able to  extend
Columbia that was able to extend
opportunity to be a remote personal
assisted to people that live in a cash
only Village and they were able to
basically hold their Savings in stable
coins on Sellar  and get money out
coins on Sellar and get money out
through money graah  via  our our
through money graah via our our
integration in their local currency and
that was like a narrative U that I saw
like repeated on you know on LinkedIn on
Twitter by by non web3 people I saw
people on Web Two In traditional Tech
even not tech people like Echo the story
that just makes sense normal people you
know it's like it's a story you could
tell Grandma to you can tell to Grandma
over the Thanksgiving table that you'll
understand so like seeing a A Narrative
of story that actually resonates with
the like non crypto people it like shows
a real use case like this is what you
can do on chain  that that was an
can do on chain that that was an
amazing story and it was only possible
on Stellar that was one of the big
highlights for me last here for just
seeing the real potential of crypto
other than meem coins you know other
than PP do fund not that there's
anything wrong with Bean points you know
fun is fun people love fun but
yeah okay I guess like one thing that's
been really fun  as I've just like
been really fun as I've just like
been able to write about sorbon is kind
of why sorond developers have made
certain decisions  such as like State
certain decisions such as like State
exploration and you know how metering
works for fees and that sort of thing
and just kind of how the platform is
being built for sustainability  and
being built for sustainability and
learning from the experiences of like
other networks  has been really really
other networks has been really really
cool to learn about and gives me a lot
of  faith and  you know I just
of faith and you know I just
really think that our I don't know that
the developers are amazing that I've
built the platform and  making these
built the platform and making these
kind of hard decisions and talking about
it has been really fun and interesting
to see and also really fun and
interesting to write about  so yeah
interesting to write about so yeah
yeah yeah that's awesome I mean I I feel
like I'm just gonna Echo what everybody
else is saying but like you know it was
I feel like there was there there were
moments of kind of crystallization of
these things like half
Meridian everybody who was there sat in
that room and didn't sleep and made
stuff that was really really awesome
overnight and you know like
I mean I just think it was it was
really awesome to see you know we had we
had a lot of  the team present on pass
had a lot of the team present on pass
keys and kind of run through workshops
and then  and then you know have have
and then and then you know have have
P Tyler's pasky kit and have a lot of
these teams kind of take that and  and
these teams kind of take that and and
build things like by the next day and
that that was really awesome  and so
that that was really awesome and so
you know as far as being a  a soron
you know as far as being a a soron
narrative that was pretty cool so one of
the things I've had my hand in over the
last year is trying to get
Stellar's  representation on places
Stellar's representation on places
like defi Lama and coin gecko like more
prominent and more reflective of what
actually is happening on the network and
if you look at like art tvl perhaps a
vanity metric perhaps not but it shows
like at least the utilization to some
degree of what people are putting onto
the network if you look at def llama's
tvl  sorbon went main net on February
tvl sorbon went main net on February
20th and at that time  our tvl was
20th and at that time our tvl was
like right around eight million or so
and a week later it doubles like
overnight to 16 17 million and now we're
like at 60
million just like obviously smart
contracts or something that the
community was hungry for and we listened
and we did the thing and like
surprisingly people are using it oh my
gosh they said they wanted to use it and
they're gonna actually use it who knew
it's just so exciting to see it like
all the work that we put into it
validated and actually going to like use
cases going to do things that people are
going to take advantage of and use yeah
and yeah it's awesome and like when we
say to it's like the entire ecosystem
you know like I mean but so crucially
it's
awesome all right we had a question
about eth Denver  I don't want to
about eth Denver I don't want to
scoop anybody so this isn't GNA be an
announcement but there will be something
really fun at e Denver this year  is
really fun at e Denver this year is
what I will say and I think  somebody
what I will say and I think somebody
did share the link it may involve
cards there was chips yeah poker poker
game  was shared on the build on
game was shared on the build on
Stellar Twitter
I don't know how to interpret risk
level shark infested that's I don't know
but details dropping soon so stay tuned
we are not gonna scoop anybody right now
are the sh gonna have
lasers stayed we're not sure
yet
and yeah I mean I think we can can
maybe take some
questions from chat if there are
questions other questions
or or comments or things that people are
thinking about or things that you want
to see or things you want to do  in
to see or things you want to do in
the
ecosystem let us
know or if you need an address to send
all your tokens to
oh the do B do
B yeah I don't
know I mean well I guess like what what
does everybody think about about Dev do
Don
Bri is going on a very committed
maybe that's a strong we'll have to
see no I mean like I loved running the
dock found it was it was good it's
yeah it's a good way to get
documentation and get community  and
documentation and get community and
ecosystem involvement so which is are
all wonderful things but it's there is
much
overhead for administering a program
like
that what will Tyler Tinker with next
yeah that's a good
question after pasy aren't the hot thing
anymore are they gonna paskis are always
goody yeah heard of  AI
goody yeah heard of AI
agents I might I might I might be
tinkering with that I like AI a lot and
I did a I did a coding with
kale just talked about this anything but
AI on AI agents yeah anything but AI
agent yep sorry Mattias why Tyler why am
I gonna work on AI because  Matias
I gonna work on AI because Matias
doesn't want me to
right I have a life mission  AI agents
right I have a life mission AI agents
because I really like the idea of making
Bots that can do things for me so that I
don't have to this  particularly with
don't have to this particularly with
like blend here's my I here's my
my use case for what I'm trying to
pursue  I like blend a lot I really
pursue I like blend a lot I really
don't like claiming my emissions or
rebalancing between the different fols
so I want to build a bot that that
will handle all of that for me  by
will handle all of that for me by
reading inbound transactions or like
reading the current state of all the
pools reading the current state of my
balances  in the emissions pools
balances in the emissions pools
seeing if it's time to try and move
between different
pools but I don't want to have to like
manually do any of that and so I want to
build  an AI agent that can handle all
build an AI agent that can handle all
that for me so when you combine things
like the smart wallets with the policy
designers and AI agents I think  you
designers and AI agents I think you
can pretty easily build  some tools
can pretty easily build some tools
that are in this case custom built to
blend but would be pretty easy to
customize for a bunch of different
contracts  you can think of I don't
contracts you can think of I don't
know kale or whatever where you could
chat with it or you could just send it
into some sort of Cron job where the
prompts are data that's being fit in so
an AI prompt doesn't have to be like
written English it can be  like Json
written English it can be like Json
files or if you've got a parser right it
could be xdr it could be a meta from a
transaction  that could then feed into
transaction that could then feed into
some sort of
outcome  like rebalancing or filling
outcome like rebalancing or filling
orders I mean there's so many
interesting things that could happen
when you combine these smart wallets
which now you don't have to like have a
human involved in signing things with
policy signers so you don't have to
worry about giving too much permission
to some third party service you can very
tight bound what they're allowed to do
only claim emmissions only for me only
on the blend protocol only for a certain
amount of money in a certain period of
time give that to an AI agent that can
then interpret those rules know its
limitations and start to act on those
rules for the benefit of the user that
type of stuff's really interesting to me
it's a lot of
experimentation  but that's Sly
experimentation but that's Sly
something I'm interested in working on
and then just more kale type of games so
I've got one of those that I'm working
on right now hopefully it'll be here
sometime in quarter one
we'll
see  you have another
question how do you feel about well
apparently according to Stellar
expert if you if you hold just the
tiniest amount of kale you're a
billionaire so you could you could
show her
that look at all the M all the money
we've
made I'm still waiting for someone to
actually start Market making between
like fcm and kale or to create a whole
separate Farmers Market I want someone
to make a farmers market because that's
so funny because we have like dexes and
market makers and amm and all of these
things like what's the most
fundamental base Market you could have
from the dawn of time like a farmers
market where I can sell my kale for
chickens  or ve other vegetables or
chickens or ve other vegetables or
coffee or you know someone's bead work
it's just asking to be turned into some
sort of farmers market game
so should do that and then your
imagination can run wild because we
we've also you know like we've been
throwing around ideas that would be
really cool to see like we have a
Marketplace we have a farmers's market
could you pick up ingredients for you
know really nice suit or I don't know
the best kind of suit virtual suit yeah
exactly kale soup you know  yeah I've
exactly kale soup you know yeah I've
been trying to convince Tyler that like
Leaf Kale like real kale is delicious is
a disgusting vegetable and only
for digital
representation
farming future contract somebody should
make a Marketplace and somebody should
make  recipes for kale and other
make recipes for kale and other
vegetables kale soup stand
how yeah I think I think Al building all
that like Marketplace it's it's a lot of
fun it it's fun to play with but if we
break it down we could actually spin off
a lot of cool sample projects to show
how this is built and and I think
there's a lot of educational value in in
doing something like this it sounds
super fun and it's like just having a
good time here but but there's actually
a lot of learning that goes into
building something like that that we can
that we can pass on to the community so
I think even though it sounds like fun
and crazy ideas that there's a lot of
learning in it and there's a lot of
knowledge to to be extracted from that
and I think that's that's that's going
to be one of our big jobs in 2025 is to
take all these fun ideas and actually
turn it into a knowledge and educational
content so it's not just fun all of it
it's there's a meaning to all this we
have talked a lot about doing fun stuff
doing fun games doing fun in educational
stuff and it's it's it's a it's learning
should be
fun yeah yeah it's a great Point like
the kale contract along with the fcm
contract like there's actually a lot of
really good learnings in there I mean I
I spent a lot of time when I was writing
that contract to make it really
efficient so there are a lot of like
very technical decisions that I made in
order to keep the cost of using kale
low so that it wouldn't overwhelm the
network and drive up the cost of a lot
of stuff but it could be this thing that
could scale could get a lot of traction
but wouldn't affect the bottom line of
the network too much so there actually a
lot of stuff in there that could be
really useful for anybody building
contracts  to employ into maybe more
contracts to employ into maybe more
serious use
cases good thing to note yeah
other
questions collaborations with other
community nonprofits or
Dows I I feel like it maybe a little bit
more on the ecosystem growth side
yeah yeah we did partner with funding
the comments which is a big  D for
the comments which is a big D for
public kids  yeah but definitely more
public kids yeah but definitely more
of an question but yeah there are future
plans
yeah any other questions or ideas by the
way yeah any spicy questions what what
other
jalapeno that's not a hot pepper like
green pepper green
grepper pale question
the hot take speed
round I already gave
mine g addresses aios am mikos the year
of the SE
address
[Music]
J
J all growing in
2025 stay tuned stay tuned see we can't
answer anything it's so
[Laughter]
boring you don't ask for
question one more question where's the
alpha oh you want some
Alpha
oh stay
tuned on I already dropped that we're
going to be working on another fun
I think they're working on docs V3
mer oh my
gosh we're we're going to delete the
docks everything's gonna be AI
generated  there's gonna be this
generated there's gonna be this
automated person that talks to you and
answers all your questions all live that
would be wild though like you you go to
a doc site this is a person that like
talks to you answers your questions hi
my name is what's that Iron Man
the Iron Man character that Jarvis
Jarvis hi I'm Jarvis how can I help you
build sorond
contract this is one for the year of the
C address could it be helpful for
contracts to interact with the decks it
could be helpful I don't I don't know
what the team is thinking about like the
G Toc compatibility question of gry how
do those things interact there's lots of
debate between the current ecosystem
with G addresses and the new growing
ecosystem with C addresses it's a good
question
question  but I don't think there's a
question but I don't think there's a
whole lot of answers here yet until we
start to see how the ecosystem adapts to
Smart wallets policy
signers  defi where the liquidity goes
signers defi where the liquidity goes
how different markets pop up that maybe
either take the place of the deck or
move faster than the deck
there's definitely a lot of
inter like you got toor on one side
saying we're going to remove the decks
you've got people on the other side
saying the deck is the and will never
never go away so lots of lots of
outstanding questions and ideas and
can't just I don't know you can't just
remove stuff there has to be better
things to put in this place and that
just takes time to develop and do the
research for and  see who your
research for and see who your
partners will be who would Implement
those things and can help with the
design and the implementation and use
cases and the wallets so it's never been
a better time to build but there's also
a lot of outstanding questions for what
the future actually looks like
questions about the future where is
Meridian G to
[Laughter]
be what team you think we're on that's
not our
team
well I don't know there if there are
there is one more
question speed
yeah I'm not sure about the status on
that I know they're still talking about
speedex types of Technology but I'm not
sure where they currently are it's
not not where I spend my time so I'm not
sure there's still research happening
towards it I think I do know that I
don't think it's speedex related but
there are some caps that they've got
open for like the next upcoming protocol
releases  and I think they're planning
releases and I think they're planning
on doing some of those meetings on
Discord so and then I'm not sure if
it'll be on stream to Twitch as well but
keep an eye out for some of those it's a
great place to kind of see where the
core team  is thinking
core team is thinking
about some of these types of questions
of where are we goingon to go next what
updates do we need what's the what's
what's coming next for
Stell my one of my favorite Meridian
highlights to answer ruger's question
was watching Tyler's Hy presentation as
he talked to his pre-recording self
and said well thank you Tyler in his
beautiful podcaster voice as he
presented  between his live demo and
presented between his live demo and
his a lot of comments about that I don't
feel like many of them they were like
just underhanded like oh that was that
was interesting choice of you to
pre-record everything
yeah maybe we'll try to do it live and
then the internet will  out and
then the internet will out and
everyone will just be sitting there
watching me fumble
and then we'll see who's laughing
the dev meeting back on
YouTube wait do we do Dev meetings on
YouTube oh like putting them up on
YouTube yeah yeah it is  the we have
YouTube yeah yeah it is the we have
actually started uploading it  there's
actually started uploading it there's
a playlist on the
St St YouTube channel there playlist for
us
meetings and this one will come up
shortly too so yes 2025 year of De
meeting on YouTube
[Laughter]
oh yeah yeah the playlist is up right
now but we are going to stream it as
that's the plan to stream it both on
Twitch and and YouTube at the same
time there you
go cool all right well thanks
everyone oh best way to reach the core
team get have discussions Google group
or something else show up with the SF
office on the door
DM DM kale no that will that will not
work they're in Discord right A lot of
them are in Discord again you don't you
don't Pi the route that everybody else
takes it's talking in Discord and asking
specific questions
being clear I can always get the
attention that you might work
all right cool yeah coming to you live
from the
orus it's the never thanks everyone
thank you we'll see you all around